Add an introductory guide (#210)
inrupt/lit-pod: website/docs/guide/installation.md

---
id: installation
title: Installation
sidebar_label: Installation
---

To install the latest stable version of lit-pod, run:

```bash
npm install @solid/lit-pod
```

lit-pod will work in Node using CommonJS modules, and in the browser with a bundler like [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org), [Rollup](https://rollupjs.org) or [Parcel](https://parceljs.org).

## To access private data

> By default, lit-pod will only enable you to access public data on Solid Pods. To enable access to restricted data, you will need to include a library that enables you to allow the user to authenticate. If you have [solid-auth-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/solid-auth-client) installed and have used it to authenticate the user, lit-pod will automatically pick up the authenticated session and include the user's credentials with each request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, lit-pod will only enables you to access public data on Solid Pods. To allow access to restricted data, you will need to include a library that supports user authentication. If you have [solid-auth-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/solid-auth-client) installed and have used it to authenticate the user, lit-pod will automatically pick up the authenticated session and include the user's credentials with each request.
```

Author: Haha, I sure do love the word "enable", it seems.
